# Privacy Policy

Last updated: January 28, 2023

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

# Interpretation and Definitions

## Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

## Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

- __Account__ means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.
- __Affiliate__ means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.
- __Application__ refers to LTD2 Translation Tool, the software program provided by the Company.
- __Company__ (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to the author of the Application.
- __Country__ refers to  France
- __Device__ means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
- __Personal Data__ is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
- __Service__ refers to the Application.
- __Service Provider__ means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
- __Usage Data__ refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
- __You__ means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.



# Collecting and Using Your Personal Data

## Types of Data Collected

### Personal Data

While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that will only be used to enable the use of the Application. Those information are:







- Data available on the Google Sheet opened when the Application is summoned



### Usage Data

Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.

Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the webpage You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device.









### Use of Your Personal Data

The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:

- __To provide and maintain our Service__, including to monitor the usage of our Service on your computer.
- __To manage Your requests:__ To attend and manage Your requests to Us while using the Application.

We will never share Your personal information.

### Retention of Your Personal Data

The Company will not retain Your Personal Data, it will only be used locally on your computer for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.

### Transfer of Your Personal Data

Your information, including Personal Data, is processed on your computer only and is never transferred.

### Delete Your Personal Data

You have the right to delete or request that We assist in deleting the Personal Data that We have collected about You, you simply have to exit the Application.

### Security of Your Personal Data

The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We do not use Your Personal Data outise of the Application, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.



# Links to Other Websites

Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

# Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

# Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:


- By email: kyd-ev-dev@protonmail.com